Add contributor names to draft release notes (#2454)
alphagov/govuk-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

- [#2370: Prevent issues with conditionally revealed content when content `id` includes CSS syntax characters](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/2370)
- [#2408: Prevent issues with character count when textarea `id` includes CSS syntax characters](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/2408)
- [#2426: Rename exported JavaScript modules to include component name](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/2426)

> - [#2434: Add brand colour for Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities (DLUHC)](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/2434) - thanks to [Bruce Bolt](https://github.com/brucebolt) for contributing this issue and its solution

Reviewer: I wonder if we could simplify this to 'thanks to Bruce Bolt for contributing this change'?

Author: Much better! Yeah, let's do that.

```suggestion
- [#2434: Add brand colour for Department for Levelling Up, Housing and Communities (DLUHC)](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-frontend/pull/2434) - thanks to [Bruce Bolt](https://github.com/brucebolt) for contributing this change
```
